# Week of 10/11/2023
## Meeting Start Time
2023/10/19/16:30
## Meeting End Time
2023/10/19/18:00
## Location/Medium
Zoom
## Present
Beethoven, Peter, Ryan, Tommy, Ethan
## Minute Recorder
Beethoven
## Topics Discussed
We all shared our phone numbers together so that we can wake people up when needed. We spent time going through the previous group’s Development.md and installing the HP Omnicept SDK, Docket Desktop, and Unity. We troubleshooted issues such as .NET 3.5 not installing. We sent out 3 emails to Dr. Mckoy including getting the contact info of the HP Omnicept expert, requesting individual access to the AWS, and sending out presentation to her. Those who were unable to install certain applications on their machines were tasked with ensuring that they were able to install them come next meeting. Ethan also forked the repositories so that we can work in our own region now without worry of destroying the previous team’s work.
## Things Clarified
We will meet on Tuesday (10/24) at 4pm to continue working. This will be a team meeting. Going forward, we will need to meet at 4pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays, every single week in order to keep up with the workload.
## Tasks Distributed
Beethoven is handling meeting minutes as well as coordination of tasks. He will also pin the meeting upcoming meeting notices.
Ryan is drafting and sending emails to Dr. Mckoy to show her our presentation as well as request the contact information of the HP Omnicept VR headset expert.
Ethan will be forking the GitHub repo and setting up the development environment.
Tommy will be writing down all changes that most be made to our design documents.
Peter will be making the zoom meetings for next week.
Everyone has been tasked with individually emailing Dr. Mckoy for their AWS login information.
Everyone has been tasked with installing HP Omnicept SDK, Docker Desktop, and Unity.