# Client Meeting on 11/04/2023
## Meeting Start Time
**2023/11/04/12:00**
## Meeting End Time
**2023/11/04/13:00**
## Location/Medium
IRL
## Present
Beethoven, Peter, Ryan, Tommy, Ethan, Alicia
## Minute Recorder
Beethoven Meginnis
## Topics Discussed
-	*Note, we had to meet with the client prior to our mentor meeting due to extremely limited time constraints for going to the client site in Indianapolis to get the headset facial camera working. There was no other option. This is simply how the timing worked out. We had to adapt to our circumstances. 
-	We demonstrated the working first iteration software to Dr. McKoy. We demonstrated recording the facial camera data using the headset. We overcame hurdles regarding the physical access to the headset as well as the large volume of video data that had to be transferred. Dr. McKoy was pleased with our functional first iteration software. We were able to visually see our mouth’s moving on the facial camera as well. We recorded at least one video of this. 
-	Dr. McKoy approved of our existing documentation and gave us the greenlight to continue creating our user.md and deployment.md.
-	For our second iteration features, Dr. McKoy wants us to primarily focus on the webapp. We will discuss specifics in a future meeting with her. She is highly confident in our development ability. 
## Things Clarified
-	We must meet with Dr. McKoy next Thursday when she is available, likely over a phone call meeting, to solidify second iteration features. She has given us the go ahead to work with what we have for now. 
