# Client Meeting on 10/2/2023
## Meeting Start Time
**2023/10/02/17:00**
## Meeting End Time
**2023/10/02/18:00**
## Location/Medium
Zoom
## Present
Beethoven, Peter, Ryan, Tommy, Ethan, Alicia
## Minute Recorder
Beethoven Meginnis
## Topics Discussed
We went over basic introductions. We discussed the basic tech stack. Set up zoom meeting for 5pm Wednesday 10/11.
Will need a new AWS account and add Alicia in. (Give permissions to Alicia for everything we build)
Peak Mind intends to lower stress in the workforce. Stress is the opposite of homeostasis. Peak intends to discover 150 of the most common workplace stressors and teach adults how to get out of stress and back into homeostasis. These 150 steps are stored in software. Intend to educate people on what workplace stressors look like as well as measure biometrics of stress. Measure, remediate, and validate.
The HP headset has a face camera to do face computing. Look at face camera in conjunction with pupil dilation to tell us if we’re excited or in fear.
***Alicia, requested that we email her to tell us about the dead code base repositories.
The HP headset will require some permissions and plugins to make the camera work.
***Eventually, schedule a meeting to physically test the headset.
Tech Stack:
Python3.8 Backend, Pipenv, PostgreSQL Database in AWS, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Mako, Makefile, React Front End, and potentially Unity
This product will be used on phones on computers. There is a backend and a frontend.
Our primary objective is to get the face detection working in the existing software.
The second objective is to get the web app working in a more complete manner. Deployed.
Primarily, we just need to get the HP headset camera working.
First Iteration:
-       Get Camera working (Big one for the first iteration)
Second Iteration:
-       View data on frontend
Third Iteration:
-       Visualize how we are replaying the data. We must be able to replay the camera. (Live video the whole time)
Eventually get help from data science students to make mathematical equations to measure the difference between smiles and frowns.
For design documents, replicate what is existing in the GitHub. Can use what we have.
Can HP camera expert meet with us? Worked at HP Labs.
This software aims to address the gap between doctor visits and therapy visits. Most Americans only visit their doctors on average for 30 minutes per year.
SaaS – Software as a Service
We use six digit codes when the user logs in for security. Only on the backend, do we see the true data.
Virtual Reality Therapeutics are found to be 9 times more effective than just reading information. Cuts out all external stimuli.
The peak mind website is joinpeakmind.com.
## Things Clarified
We established a follow up meeting for design documentation with our client on Wednesday (10/12) at 5:00pm. We also need to email her regarding the dead code base repositories to gain access to updated/migrated code bases.  We need to send an of approximate dates for check in meetings and iterations.